Your choice regarding cookies on this website: This website uses cookies, beacons, invisible tags, and similar technologies (collectively "cookies") in order to function and to understand how users engage with us. More information on the types of cookies we use can be found by clicking on "Cookie Preferences". For more information relating to how we use your personal data, please see our privacy policy.

Accept All
Reject All
Cookie Preferences
Skip to content
HomeBloomberg
Our Company
Events
Search Jobs
Login
Senior Software Engineer - Web Acquisition - Data Technologies
Location 
Skillman
Business Area 
Engineering and CTO
Ref # 
10036349
Description & Requirements
Bloomberg Data Technologies Engineering is seeking a Senior Software Engineer that has a passion for full stack development, design/implementation skills, and experience integrating multiple external and internal systems. As a member of the team, you will contribute to the research, design, development and maintenance of low-latency, distributed web scraping solutions.

Bloomberg customers expect access to data ahead of competitors and market moves. To that end, you will contribute to continuous enhancements to our platforms to improve speed, stability and the ability to maintain robust content streams from important websites. Collecting data from the web at scale is a problem that is constantly evolving as the technological landscape and use of data evolves. This role will expose you to a wide variety of technologies, and will require you to constantly evolve with the technologies that we work with.

You will work closely with Business, Data, and other Engineering teams globally in a hybrid environment on all phases of software development using Agile methodologies. You will fully own products and collaborate with team members and partners to shape the team's direction and vision.

We’ll trust you to:
Design, implement and own critical applications and components of our platform.
Participate in the full SDLC of various components and systems that are required to be robust and scalable.
Get to know engineering and data teams across Bloomberg, understand their application requirements and data access patterns.
Understand the needs of our clients, translate requirements into features and enhancements to our web crawling platforms..
Bring the latest and greatest innovation and technology stack features from the open source community to our products.
You’ll need to have:
4+ years experience working with C++ including server application, frameworks, CLI tools, and building microservices
4+ years experience building comprehensive, scalable, and extensible client-side apps with JavaScript (ES2015+)/TypeScript, Front End -Development frameworks/tools, such as React, Angular, Vue, Webpack, Babel, Twitter Bootstrap, etc.
Prior contributions to system design and architecture and scaling fault-tolerant, distributed systems
A Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, similar field of study or equivalent work experience
We’d like to see:
Web Crawling or Web scraping experience
Experience with low latency systems
Experience working with Microservice architectures and methodologies such as Twelve-factor and Lambda
Familiarity with Transport and Application layer protocols
Knowledge of Big Data, SQL and NoSQL Databases, and Cloud-Based Object Stores
Understanding of queuing and caching technologies
Experience with Data Science and Machine Learning techniques to help with automation
Salary Range = 160000 - 240000 USD Annually + Benefits + Bonus

The referenced salary range is based on the Company's good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level.


We offer one of the most comprehensive and generous benefits plans available and offer a range of total rewards that may include merit increases, incentive compensation, [Exempt roles only], paid holidays, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, short and long term disability benefits, 401(k) +match, life insurance, and various wellness programs, among others. The Company does not provide benefits directly to contingent workers/contractors and interns.
Apply Now
Back to Job Search
Apply Now
Save this Job
What makes the culture at Bloomberg unique?
Video length: 50 seconds
0:50

One of the things that makes Bloomberg culture so unique is the fact that here …
Logo
Luis
Software Engineer Manager
More Videos
Similar jobs
Senior Software Engineer/SRE - Fixed Income Pricing Performance Engineering
Senior Software Engineers - Data License Service Reliability
Senior Software Engineer- Public Cloud Pipelines
Senior Software Engineer - DMAP Infrastructure/SRE
Senior Software Engineer - Cloud Native Compute Services
Data Platform Engineer - FI Pricing Data Team
View all
Accommodations
Bloomberg is an equal employment/affirmative action employer. Bloomberg provides reasonable adjustment/accommodation to individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable adjustment/accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable adjustment/accommodation include but are not limited to making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format or using specialized equipment. To request an adjustment/accommodation to apply for a job, please email AMER_recruit@bloomberg.net (Americas), EMEA_recruit@bloomberg.net (Europe, the Middle East and Africa), or APAC_recruit@bloomberg.net (Asia-Pacific), based on the region you are submitting an application for.

Equal Opportunity
Bloomberg maintains a continuing policy of non-discrimination in employment. It is Bloomberg’s policy to provide equal opportunity and access for all persons, and the Company is committed to attracting, retaining, developing, and promoting the most qualified individuals without regard to age, ancestry, color, gender identity or expression, genetic predisposition or carrier status, marital status, national or ethnic origin, race, religion or belief, sex, sexual orientation, sexual and other reproductive health decisions, parental or caring status, physical or mental disability, pregnancy or maternity/parental leave, protected veteran status, status as a victim of domestic violence, or any other classification protected by applicable law (“Protected Characteristic”). Bloomberg prohibits treating applicants or employees less favorably in connection with the terms and conditions of employment, in all phases of the employment process, because of one or more Protected Characteristics (“Discrimination”).

Linkedin Logo
Twitter Logo
Facebook Logo
Instagram Logo
Threads Logo
Youtube Logo
© 2024 Bloomberg Finance L.P. All rights reserved.
Privacy
|
Legal
|
Accommodations & EEO Policy
|
Additional Policies
|
Cookie Preferences
Bloomberg Logo